Mobility manager
  MSP vehicle type pricing plan
  Budget deposit plan
    Municipality
  Budget spend plan
    MSP + Vehicle type + Municipality
  Invoice metadata
    VAT
  Support user
    Wikimove support view of invoice
    MSP support view of invoice

Account configuration of MSP

Ops service will make a note of when trip stop is requested
  Each trip being linked to
    Budget spend plan version + Vehicle pricing plan version
    Invoice call being independent of actual capture flow
  Start flow
    If card is not linked, reject request
    If account balance is negative, force the user to enter a new card details

Accounting service
  Rules
    No double spend
    Dont forget to record if already spent

Account
  Balance
    Amount temporarily blocked (while an ongoing tx exists) &
  Tx history

Refunds
  Manual
Invoice
  Tax

Stripe
  Check how to link SDK & APIs to link a user account


----

Invoice metadata

Full Name and Address of the Supplier: The supplier’s complete contact information.
Full Name and Address of the Customer: The customer’s complete contact information.
Supplier’s Tax Number or VAT ID: The supplier’s tax identification or VAT identification number.
Invoice Date: The date when the invoice is issued.
Unique Invoice Number: A sequential number that uniquely identifies the invoice.
Description of Goods or Services: A clear description of the products or services provided.
Date of Supply or Services: The date when the goods were supplied or services rendered.
Net Amount for Goods or Services: The price of the goods or services excluding VAT.
VAT Rate and Amount: The VAT rate (19%) applied and the total amount of VAT.
Total Gross Amount: The total invoice amount including VAT.
Payment Terms and Conditions: Details of the payment deadline, payment methods, and any other conditions.
Optional Reference Number: Any customer reference number or order number, if applicable.
Usually, you have the bank account of the supplier on the invoice as well.
the invoice number needs to be sequential! we will receive specifications from bamberg for the general form of the invoice number
